+ Add configuration for The Graph (#268)
jbx-protocol/juice-interface: README.md

   - Enable the **Admin** toggle in the **Admin** field.
1. Copy the API key into the `REACT_APP_BLOCKNATIVE_API_KEY` variable of the
   `.env` file.
#### The Graph
JuiceBox uses [The Graph](https://thegraph.com/) as an additional data provider.

> To integrate with The Graph, set the `REACT_APP_SUBGRAPH_URL` in your `.env` to a query URL for the Juicebox subgraph you'd like to use.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: perhaps we could give some instruction about how to find the URL:

```suggestion
To set up The Graph locally, first determine the subgraph you'd like to use. Then, set the `REACT_APP_SUBGRAPH_URL` in your `.env` to the subgraph URL.

The subgraph you use depends on which Ethereum network you're using. Juicebox has subgraphs for `mainnet` and `rinkeby`. Subgraphs are also versioned. Typically, you'll want to use the latest version of the subgraph.

For `mainnet`:
1. Find and select Juicebox on [The Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer).
1. Find the Deployment ID of the subgraph.
1. Set `REACT_APP_SUBGRAPH_URL` to `https://api.thegraph.com/subgraphs/id/<Deployment ID>` in your `.env` file.

For `rinkeby`, ask one the friendly Juicebox devs in [Discord](https://discord.gg/6jXrJSyDFf).
```

cc @peripheralist

Reviewer 2: Not at all! Excellent improvement.
